{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24440\viewh12340\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Skills to Acquire\
\
1) Database performance, such as SQL tuning and optimization and administration (e.g. Oracle).\
2) Mid tier performance (e.g. Java profiling) and related tools.\
3) Load generation / measurement software and concepts (e.g. JMeter, or other custom load generation software) for HTTP, REST, RPC and similar cloud systems.\
4)operating system design / tuning / tools (e.g. Linux, OProfile).\
\
\
7+ years of experience with at least two programming languages such as Java, Scala, Python, Ruby, JavaScript or Go.\
5+ years of experience working with modern agile product development teams  of engineers, product managers and designers.\
5+ years of Experience with SQL/NoSQL technology such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, DynamoDB understanding common use cases and performance pitfalls\
2+ years of Experience dealing with event-driven architectures and message brokers such as RabbitMQ, KAFKA, ActiveMQ, etc and an in depth understanding of their use cases and pitfalls\
Versed in concepts such as DDD, SOLID, Cloud Native Patterns, distributed systems and architecture. Capable of understanding pitfalls and anticipating common failure modes of a microservice environment.\
Experienced in implementing prototypes and in practices and concepts such as MVP, A/B testing and feature toggles for rolling-out features to production.\
Strong communication skills: able to communicate effectively with technical and non technical partners \
Bachelor\'92s degree in computer science or equivalent professional experience. \
Passion for new technologies and proven capability in analysis and problem-solving.\
Strong troubleshooting and monitoring skills with practical experience in modern tools such as Kibana, Datadog, PagerDuty or related.}